driver: accept legacy flat {min,max,optimals} dynamic-dimension JSON (#4926)
ROCm/AMDMIGraphX: CHANGELOG.md

### Resolved issues

> * Fixed the `migraphx-driver` `--default-dyn-dim` and `--dyn-input-dim` flags rejecting the documented flat `{min,max,optimals}` JSON form. After the `dynamic_dimension` refactor moved its bounds under a nested `range` field, the flat form silently produced a zero-sized dimension (turning a named dynamic axis into a static 0 and crashing shape inference); the driver now parses the flat form explicitly while still accepting the nested form (#4926).

Reviewer: this entry is a little long. If it can be summarized, that would be great. But not blocking the approval

> * Fixed the `migraphx-driver` `--default-dyn-dim` and `--dyn-input-dim` flags rejecting the documented flat `{min,max,optimals}` JSON form. After the `dynamic_dimension` refactor moved its bounds under a nested `range` field, the flat form silently produced a zero-sized dimension (turning a named dynamic axis into a static 0 and crashing shape inference); the driver now parses the flat form explicitly while still accepting the nested form (#4926).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Restored support for the documented flat {min,max,optimals} JSON format in migraphx-driver's --default-dyn-dim and --dyn-input-dim flags (#4926).
```
